README.md, before:

# JIFF
Server and Client side library for performing MPC in JavaScript. Server handles relaying shares between parties.
Clients and Servers can both participate in the computation and provide input data.

## Requirements
### Server:
  Node and npm

### Client:
Make sure to use the sockets.io.js script file that **matches exactly** the version **used in the server**.  

If the client code is to be served by the server, use:  
```
<script src="/socket.io/socket.io.js"></script>
```  

If the client code is served independently, fetch the matching socket.io.js from the CDN, or use the file from`<server_dir>/node_modules/socket.io-client/dist`

## Installation
### Server:
run npm from inside the project directory to install dependencies listed in package.json automatically:

`$ npm install`

### Client:
Make sure to include jiff.js **after** socket.io  
```
<script src="/lib/jiff-client.js"></script>
```  

Then inside a script tag (and after the page loads), initialize a jiff object and setup a computation:  
```
var instance = jiff.make_jiff("http://localhost:3000", "<computation_id>", parties)
```  

instance will provide methods for sharing, opening, and performing operations on shares.

## Documentation
The documentation can be generated using [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/); you will find these docs in `docs/jsdocs/`:  
```
./node_modules/.bin/jsdoc -c docs/jsdoc.conf.json
npm run-script gen-docs # shortcut
```  
The latest documentation can be viewed at on the [project page](https://multiparty.org/jiff/).

## Running the application
To run a sample server:

`$ node index.js`

Then open `localhost:3000/apps/sum.html` (or any other file under `apps/`) in a browser, for every party open the page in a new tab/window.

## Running the test cases
To run the test cases:

`$ npm test`

## Information and Collaborators
More information about this project, including collaborators and publications, can be found at [multiparty.org](https://multiparty.org/).

## License
MIT

Commit message:

update README to contain netflow info

README.md, after:

# JIFF
Server and Client side library for performing MPC in JavaScript. Server handles relaying shares between parties.
Clients and Servers can both participate in the computation and provide input data.

## NetFlow Share
### Version 1
   This application is apps/netflow.html. The uses is in case of a DoS attack, it could determine a Malicious IP Address between shared parties while maintaining input privacy. This application extended apps/sum.html.
   Please use version 1 for simulated data provided in netflow_data. In this data, the Malicious IP is 190.0.0.0:200.

### Version 2
   This application is apps/netflow_v2.html. The use is in case of a DDoS attack, it could help determine common IP Addresses between shared parties while maintaining input privacy. This application extended apps/vote.html.
   Please use version 2 for simulated data provided in netflow_data. The Malicious IPs are 10.0.0.1:555, 20.0.0.1:555, 30.0.0.5:555, and 40.0.0.3:555.

## Requirements
### Server:
  Node and npm

### Client:
Make sure to use the sockets.io.js script file that **matches exactly** the version **used in the server**.  

If the client code is to be served by the server, use:  
```
<script src="/socket.io/socket.io.js"></script>
```  

If the client code is served independently, fetch the matching socket.io.js from the CDN, or use the file from`<server_dir>/node_modules/socket.io-client/dist`

## Installation
### Server:
run npm from inside the project directory to install dependencies listed in package.json automatically:

`$ npm install`

### Client:
Make sure to include jiff.js **after** socket.io  
```
<script src="/lib/jiff-client.js"></script>
```  

Then inside a script tag (and after the page loads), initialize a jiff object and setup a computation:  
```
var instance = jiff.make_jiff("http://localhost:3000", "<computation_id>", parties)
```  

instance will provide methods for sharing, opening, and performing operations on shares.

## Documentation
The documentation can be generated using [JSDoc](http://usejsdoc.org/); you will find these docs in `docs/jsdocs/`:  
```
./node_modules/.bin/jsdoc -c docs/jsdoc.conf.json
npm run-script gen-docs # shortcut
```  
The latest documentation can be viewed at on the [project page](https://multiparty.org/jiff/).

## Running the application
To run a sample server:

`$ node index.js`

Then open `localhost:3000/apps/sum.html` (or any other file under `apps/`) in a browser, for every party open the page in a new tab/window.

## Running the test cases
To run the test cases:

`$ npm test`

## Information and Collaborators
More information about this project, including collaborators and publications, can be found at [multiparty.org](https://multiparty.org/).

## License
MIT
